hey guys it's far with more smash bros
analysis ever since its reveal at e3
2013 we've been slowly getting bits of
information on the new smash bros games
through developer screenshots from the
game's official website one of the cool
things we got to see was some of the new
stages we'll be able to play on as of
2013 there were a total of 22 new stages
revealed if you want to see everything
you can check out my e3 coverage right
here but for this video we'll be looking
at all the new stages that were revealed
throughout the year
ok so first up is the pyrosphere from
Metroid Other M this was also the game
that inspired samus's sleek new design
not much is known about this stage yet
other than it's a pretty open area and
that according to Sakurai an enemy from
samus's past may appear at any second
based on the story from Metroid Other M
the enemy is most likely Ridley but as
of this video this is unconfirmed next
is the garden of hope from Pikmin 3
unlike brawls Pikmin stage distant
planet there doesn't seem to be any
major stage hazards or crazy weather
patterns to disrupt the flow of battle
the stage does include a small lift but
overall it looks like a pretty
good-looking and balanced area here's
the stage that we actually saw a glimpse
of during the e3 trailer but we really
couldn't confirm it until later on
whoo-hooo Islands from pilotwings here
you fight on one of the planes as it
takes off and maneuvers around the
island at one point it looks like you'll
even be forced to jump between planes as
the stage goes on overall it looks like
a pretty simple stage but it's probably
one that I'll be spending a lot of time
on next is the Windy Hill zone from
Sonic lost world the main feature here
is the giant windmill on the right-hand
side of the stage where if you stay on
it too long you'll get kod
finally to round out the Wii U's stages
is a stage inspired by Super Mario
Galaxy 2 despite being one of the later
stages that was shown off we actually
know a lot of information about it
first of all it's safe
to assume that this is the home stage of
the new comer Rosalina who is revealed
in late December the stage also has walk
off ledges meaning that if you walk to
parts of the sides you'll get kayoed
also due to its rounded nature if you
jump or get launched near the edges
you'll actually fly diagonally now let's
give the 3ds version some love there's a
lot less information on these stages
mostly because they only have usually
one screen shot but they still are worth
taking note starting off is this stage
from the pre-installed 3ds game finds me
not much is known about this area yet
but judging from the screen shot that
monster looks like one crazy stage
hazard next is a stage from Animal
Crossing new leaf
judging from the background it looks
like you'll be fighting on captain's
boat which is probably transporting you
to animal islands but we'll have to wait
and see exactly what the stage brings to
the table then finally from one of the
last updates of 2013 we got to see the
new stage Rainbow Road from Mario Kart 7
sucker I mentioned that this is going to
be a cruise type stage similar to lilac
cruise from brawl if I were to guess
we'll probably be getting a Rainbow Road
stage or at least a Mario Kart stage for
the Wii U version sometime in the future
but that's just me
if you enjoyed the video be sure to
leave me a like and tell me which stage
you're most looking forward to also be
sure to subscribe to Nimbus to keep up
to date with all my Smash Bros videos
thanks for watching and till then guys
this is fire sign out